Document custom mode support (#9641)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/cli-reference.mdx

Builds your site for deployment. By default, this will generate static files and place them in a `dist/` directory. If [SSR is enabled](/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/), this will generate the necessary server files to serve your site.

### Flags

> The command accepts [common flags](#common-flags) and the following additional flags:

Reviewer: Just a comment, but maybe at some point we stop splitting out common from all? Doesn't have to be in this PR of course!

Author: Yeah I think that would be best. I notice our command flags don't overlap a lot actually, except like `--help`, `--verbose`, etc

Reviewer: If you'd *like* to do that here, feel free! Otherwise, I'll tackle this at some point separately!

Author: I think it might be best to tackle that separately 😅

Reviewer: Sure thing! Let's tackle the entire list separately!

<p>

**Type:** `string`<br />
**Default:** `"development"` when running `astro dev`, `"production"` when running `astro build`<br />
<Since v="5.0.0" />
</p>

> The mode used when developing or building your site. It's passed to Vite that affects the value of `import.meta.env.MODE` and how `.env` files are loaded, which also affects the values of `astro:env`. See the [environment variables page](/en/guides/environment-variables/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mode used when developing or building your site (e.g. `"production"`, `"testing"`).

This value is passed to Vite using [the `--mode` flag](#--mode-string) when the `astro build` or `astro dev` commands are run to determine the value of `import.meta.env.MODE`.This determines which `.env` files are loaded, and therefore the values of `astro:env`. See the [environment variables page](/en/guides/environment-variables/) for more details.
```
I might be making things up, but is this correct? 😄

Author: Looks right to me!

<p>

**Type:** `string`<br />
**Default:** `"development"` when running `astro dev`, `"production"` when running `astro build`<br />
<Since v="5.0.0" />
</p>

The mode used when developing or building your site (e.g. `"production"`, `"testing"`).

> This value is passed to Vite using [the `--mode` flag](#--mode-string) when the `astro build` or `astro dev` commands are run to determine the value of `import.meta.env.MODE`. This also determines which `.env` files are loaded, and therefore the values of `astro:env`. See the [environment variables page](/en/guides/environment-variables/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value is passed to Vite using [the `--mode` flag](#--mode-string) when the `astro build` or `astro dev` commands are run to determine the value of `import.meta.env.MODE`.

This also determines which `.env` file is loaded (e.g. `env.production`, `env.testing`, and therefore the values of `astro:env`. See the [environment variables page](/en/guides/environment-variables/) for more details.

Note that changing the `mode` does not change the kind of code transform handled by Vite and Astro:

- In `astro dev`, Astro will transform code with debug information.
- In `astro build`, Astro will transform code with the most optimized output and removes debug information.
- In `astro build --devOutput` (new flag), Astro will transform code with debug information like in `astro dev`. 

This enables various usecases like:

```bash
# Run the dev server connected to a "staging" API
astro dev --mode staging

# Build a site that connects to a "staging" API
astro build --mode staging

# Build a site that connects to a "production" API with additional debug information
astro build --devOutput

# Build a site that connects to a "testing" API
astro build --mode testing
```
``````
I really like the information from the changeset. Do you think it's helpful here, or too much?
```

Reviewer 2: i think it can be really useful to have it in the docs!

Reviewer: lol, I must have really liked it! Serves me right for editing over two weeks :laughing:
